Fix the link to input configuration (#210)
anymaniax/orval: docs/src/pages/guides/basics.md

- `override` is to quickly override the input
  - `transformer` to transform the specification like add a param to every call.

> Checkout the [orval input configuration](../reference/configuration/input) to see all available options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout the [orval config](../reference/configuration/overview) to see all available options.
```
